
Right before you dealt the finishing blow, you felt a slight twinge of hesitation. 


It may be true that the overlord poses a menace to both you, and all of the fishermen upon this dock. 
set 13.4

And yet, to this day, very little is understood about the overall ecosystems of these waters. 


If the overlord truly claimed to be the progenitor of all fish, what consequences would arise if you killed it here? 


What if the ecosystem became permanently disrupted? What if the seemingly neverending supply of fish disappeared due to the death of its lord? 

You
... Then how am I going to pay the bills if I can't fish anymore? 

Overlord
Have you finally come to your senses, human? Have you finally realized the weight of your crimes? 


You didn't particularly think you did anything wrong. But maybe just this once...
moveDown
You
Fine. I won't kill you. But you must promise you won't come back and hurt us ever again. 
moveUp

The overlord opened its mouth, seemingly in protest, but then backed down. It gritted its teeth, grudgingly saying the words that followed. 

Overlord
That is... a deal. But please refrain from taking even more fish away from us. 

You
We'll try to control ourselves. 
moveDown

Even though you weren't too sure how much of those words you truly meant.


For humans, there will always be a need for fish. The fish market will never stop running. 

You
But even so, I suppose we should try our best...
set13.5


transitionToReleaseCG

After a fierce, spontaneous battle, you decide to let The Overlord swim free.


After all, these are its waters. Why would you want to disrupt the balance of nature?


You and the other fishermen watch as the creature dives under the surface.


Its two tail fins shimmer as the distant sun rises above the horizon.


Despite everything, you feel a sense of respect for this ancient being and its unwavering strength.


It only wanted to protect its home, just as you did.


Together, you can find that balance you both wish for.
set13.6, waitToEnd


